Various small polishing tweaks (#23)
Valdorff/RPIPs: tokenomics-explainers/003-rework-foundation.md

<img src="../assets/tokenomics-explainers/003-figure-6.png" alt="Figure 6" width="1000px"></br>
_Figure 6 - Case Study ETH-Only Growth Sankey Diagram_

> Now we see 9 more NOs identical to (A) join. As you can see, there’s a self-balancing effect. Voter Share value paid to NO B and C increased 4x even though they have the same RPL.	Voter Share value increased 4x over the same supply of RPL. In short: node operators unwilling to take on RPL exposure still grow the protocol’s ability to meet rETH demand, and higher rETH supply makes RPL exposure more attractive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we see 9 more NOs identical to (A) join. As you can see, there’s a self-balancing effect. Voter Share value increased 4x over the same supply of RPL. As a result, NO B and C earn 4x more from Voter Share (even though they have the same RPL). In short: node operators unwilling to take on RPL exposure still grow the protocol’s ability to meet rETH demand, and higher rETH supply makes RPL exposure more attractive.
```

Author: Going a little different. 
> Now we see 9 more NOs identical to (A) join. As you can see, there’s a self-balancing effect. Voter Share increased 4x while the amount of staked RPL stayed the same. As a result, NO B and C earn 4x more from Voter Share (even though they have the same RPL). In short: node operators unwilling to take on RPL exposure still grow the protocol’s ability to meet rETH demand, and higher rETH supply makes RPL exposure more attractive.
